Updates old instructions in our development docs (#14688)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/campaigns/index.md

## Diving into the code as a backend developer

1. Read through `./cmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/campaigns.go` to get an overview of the campaigns GraphQL API.
1. Read through `./internal/campaigns/*.go` to see all campaigns-related type definitions.
1. Compare that with the GraphQL definitions in `./cmd/frontend/graphqlbackend/schema.graphql`.
1. Start reading through `./enterprise/internal/campaigns/resolvers/resolver.go` to see how the main mutation are implemented (look at `CreateCampaign` and `ApplyCampaign` to see how the two main operations are implemented).

> 1. Then start from the other end, `enterprise/cmd/repo-updater/main.go`, and see how `enterpriseInit()` uses `campaigns.NewSyncRegistry` to sync `Changesets`.

Reviewer: I think this still dates from a world where we only had the syncer, and not pools of reconcilers and syncers. How about this:

```suggestion
1. Then start from the other end, `enterprise/cmd/repo-updater/main.go`. `enterpriseInit()` creates two sets of campaign goroutines:
  1. `campaigns.NewSyncRegistry` creates a pool of _syncers_ to pull changes from code hosts.
  2. `campaigns.RunWorkers` creates a set of _reconciler_ workers to push changes to code hosts as campaigns are applied.
```
